You got the job, huh?
Time to treat us, don't you think?
I know. How about we go watch a movie?
Just 50,000 per person. That's nothing.
Just a movie?
Let's go somewhere afterwards.
Easy. You're not invited.
- Agreed.
- You guys are a handful.
- You guys are going to bankrupt me.
- It doesn't matter.
You guys are so lame.
- You're no different.
- Yeah.
Someday it's going to be your turn.
Right?
- What a snob.
- Whatever, man.
Relax.
Dipta.
Dad.
The most valuable thing you can do
in your career is to be honest.
- Be honest.
- Got it, Dad.
Good morning.
You shouldn't come to the dining room.
You ruined the mood.
Seeing your face this early in the morning
makes us all sick.
They won't ever forget
that you're the reason Mom died.
Move out of the way.
You're always in the way.
What?
Got something to say?
Spoiled brat.
Don't ever forget,
that if not for you,
Mom would still be with us right now.
You make this house unlivable.
Miss, what happened to your arm?
It's nothing.
Here, I've packed your lunch.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
Dipta.
Could you give me a ride to school?
My usual ride won't be coming anymore.
Alie,
you're well aware
that thanks to you,
my legs don't work well anymore.
I have to limp.
What if I gave you a ride,
got into an accident, and died?
All because I gave a ride
to the black sheep of the family.
Li.
- You can come with us.
- May I?
What? Not a chance.
You can walk to school.
Let's go.
Come on in.
- Sir, wait for me.
- Hurry up.
- Thanks, sir.
- Sure.
15 YEARS EARLIER
One, two, three.
- Ma'am!
Careful, don't fall down.
- Look, I won.
- Let's have some water.
Here, drink up.
You haven't even had a sip of water.
Take it easy. You don't want to choke.
Hold on.
- Yes, sir?
- Hello, Gianla.
Tell the kids to come home.
Their mother's arriving soon.
Okay, sir.
Boys, your mother's home.
- Catch me if you can!
- Slow down, boys.
So eager to get home, huh?
CERTIFICATE OF RECOGNITION
"The Adventures
of the Lion and the Mouse."
The lion and the mouse?
Quiet.
Do you want me to read this story or not?
- Yes, please.
- Okay.
"The Lion…"
Yes?
What is it?
It's for you.
Okay. One second.
I have to take this call.
Hello?
Yes.
Miss Gianla, would you read us the story?
Mom only read us the title,
thanks to Enda's interruptions.
It's your fault.
- It's your fault.
- No, yours.
- No, it's your fault.
- Come on now, no need to fight.
- Do you want me to read the story?
- Yes, please.
Lie down then.
Good.
Are you comfortable?
Ready for the story?
"The Adventures
of the Lion and the Mouse."
Can't you stay a bit longer?
You just got back.
Do you really need to go?
It's a war-torn country.
Aren't you worried about your safety?
Honey, I have never been
a war correspondent.
This will be a great opportunity
for my career.
I know you're worried.
Relax, I can take care of myself.
I know it's a great opportunity
and everything.
But is this coverage
really more important than the kids?
We have Gianla.
She's great with the kids.
She can even handle
our little ones, Sam and Natta.
I know, but she's just their nanny.
You're their mother. They need you here.
The driver will be here soon.
I'll go say good-bye to the kids.
- Gianla.
- Yes, ma'am?
I leave them in your care.
You just need to be patient.
Of course, ma'am.
And please take care of their father too.
Remind him to eat.
He gets so caught up with work
and misses his meals.
You can count on me.
We're going to crash.
Gianla.
This has been in the fridge for ten days.
Is it still edible?
There should be an expiration date
on the package.
I see it.
We interrupt this program to bring you
devastating news from a war-torn country.
The reporter covering the war
in Central African Republic…
Sir.
Look.
…one of the senior journalists,
Tsana Said,
has passed away on December 23, 2007.
Tsana was shot during an attack in Bambari
while reporting on war-affected children.
Her body is currently being laid to rest
at the Embassy
of the Republic of Indonesia…
I accept henceforth Gianla Sari,
daughter of Sobarudin Arfan,
with the dowry agreed upon in cash.
What do the witnesses think?
- Agreed.
- Praise be to God.
Alie Ishala Samantha.
Today, I'm making a video
using new phone Dad bought.
Hey, Daddy's pet.
What did you ask for this time?
What a brat. He spoils you too much.
Go ahead. I'll come later
with Samuel and Natta, okay?
What are they up to now?
The usual.
- Later.
- Drive safe.
- Peace be upon you.
- And peace be upon you too.
- Here, catch this.
- Give it back! Mom!
What's with all the ruckus?
She's just a kid.
She doesn't need a phone.
Don't be jealous of your sister.
We've always treated all of you equally.
Hear that? Jerks.
Let's go.
- I call shotgun!
- That little brat.
Let's go.
Hi, everyone.
Today we're going to the supermarket
with my mom.
Along with Rendra and Dipta.
Hi, Rendra.
- Rendra, look here.
- Stop that.
- Rendra, just a second.
- No.
Alie, if your brother doesn't want to,
don't force him. It's rude.
Listen to her.
But it won't take long, Mom.
Fine, I'll just ask Dipta.
Hi, Dipta. Dipta, say hi, please.
- Knock it off.
- Alie, don't do that, honey.
Let's go to Mom.
Have you seen her?
This is my mom.
- Mrs. Gianla, hi!
- Hi, Miss Li!
Mom, look here.
- Mom, look here for a second.
- I'm driving, sweetie.
It won't take long, just look this way.
- It's dangerous.
- It's not.
- Mom, come on.
- All right, after this turn.
It won't take long, Mom. Come on.
- Yes, hi.
- Hi!
Where are we going?
We're going to the supermarket today.
We're going to buy...
Mom, watch out!
Peace be upon you.
Dad?
Alie?
- Alie!
- Yes?
Where's the watch Mom gave me?
Miss Imah said you took it.
I cleaned it.
- It was dirty.
- Keep your hands off it.
Remember this.
Never touch my stuff ever again.
Especially the things Mom gave me.
I don't want my stuff to be touched
by the person who killed her.
Got an exam today?
I had one yesterday.
- You got any today?
- Yeah, math.
Good luck.
- Good morning.
- Good morning, Alie.
I'll see you later.
Why do you talk to her?
Don't be silly, we have to.
We live under the same roof.
- It's stupid.
- Whatever.
She ruined our morning already.
Got us bickering.
You're driving, Ren?
Yeah.
Dad's still asleep.
Doesn't seem like he'll go out.
I'll go start the car.
I'll only wait for five minutes.
- If you guys don't show up, I'm leaving.
- Okay.
I feel bad for Dad.
He's always at home these days
because his advertising company
is going under.
He went bankrupt because of Alie.
You can't keep blaming her.
What? Am I wrong?
That's the truth.
Since the day she was born,
she's brought nothing but misfortune
on our family.
Whatever. We're running late.
- Stay safe, Sam.
- Yeah.
Dad?
Dad, we're leaving.
All good.
Good luck.
Let's find another one.
Hi, Nat.
Hi.
For you.
Thank you.
Alright. Let's go over there.
Bye.
Li, let's form a group.
We need one more person.
You're right.
- Hey, Aji.
- What do you want?
- Do you have a group yet?
- Not yet.
Come join us then.
Sure.
But you'll have to solve my riddle.
Okay?
What cow sticks on the wall?
Spider-cow?
Wrong.
Cow sticker?
Nice. She's correct.
Yes.
- All right, but we'll be a group, right?
- Yeah.
Okay, we'll work on it at my house.
What do you think?
- Sure.
- Okay.
Found it.
The difference between
"everyday" and "every day."
Listen closely.
Okay. "'Everyday, ' written as one word,
is used to modify adjacent words."
"As for 'every day, '
two words,
is used to demonstrate
something that happens every single day."
House and home.
"A house refers to
the physical buildings of a habitation."
"Whereas 'home' refers to the emotional
attachments to the habitation."
Wait a minute.
"Emotional attachments."
What does that mean?
I don't get it.
Maybe it's like,
you live in your house, right?
Do you feel comfortable there?
Do you feel safe there?
Does it make you want to hurry home?
It does, yeah.
When I'm away from home,
I don't feel so comfortable.
I think there's a term for it.
- Is it "homesick"?
- Correct.
Li? Hey.
Hey.
- You're spacing out.
- Sorry.
Write it down.
You don't have to, Ji.
It's too much of a distance.
It's fine, Li.
I always give people a ride.
My mom, dad, cousins, friends.
Everyone, Li.
But you only brought one helmet, Aji.
It's okay. I'll go slow.
She's safe with me.
I don't want to get into trouble.
Why?
Are you afraid I'll find out
you're Samuel and Natta's sister?
Huh?
Their sister? You're making things up.
Don't worry, Sel. I won't tell anyone.
What's wrong, Li?
Wondering how I know about that?
I've known it since we were freshmen.
Who put that brat in this school?
"Alie." Her name is Alie, Sam.
I'll call her whatever I want.
Look, if the whole school finds out
she's our sister, we're done.
Li, I promise I won't tell anyone.
- You promise, Ji?
- Yes, Li, I promise.
We're friends now, right?
What's a ship that can't sink?
It's getting late.
Save it for another time.
The answer's "friendship."
Get on, Li.
Need help?
Mr. Supri, please open the gate.
- Bye, Sel.
- Thanks, Sel.
- Take care.
- Bye.
So they rejected the proposal.
I don't care.
It's your job to clean up the mess.
Get them to approve it.
Get the budget under control.
Okay.
The black fence.
- Where?
- Right there.
Okay, I see it.
Okay.
- Need help?
- I'm good.
- Thanks, Ji.
- Anytime, Li.
- Get home safe.
- Bye.
Peace be upon you.
Dad, I'm sorry…
How dare you!
How dare you come home this late.
You let a boy give you a ride?
Just the two of you?
- That's unacceptable.
- I'm sorry, but...
Alie, don't you dare talk back to me!
You ill-behaved child!
Get up.
What's going on out there?
No, Dad. I'm sorry!
What a racket.
You're always causing problems!
Get in there!
- Come on.
- No, Dad, please!
Dad, no!
You little delinquent!
You have no respect for my rules!
As long as you live in this house,
you'll follow my rules.
Do you understand?!
Do you?
Ungrateful bastard!
Li.
Hang in there, Alie.
You need to stay strong and healthy.
You'll get through this.
You got this.
Miss Imah, where's my sweater?
What did you say?
Where's my sweater?
- I've ironed it. It's in your room.
- Is it?
Where are you going?
We're eating out.
Then paying our moms a visit.
Miss Imah and I
are planning to make rib soup.
So?
Don't tell us what to do.
Can I come?
Dipta, can I come?
Li.
You'll only ruin the mood.
You ruin everything.
You have ruined our lives.
You have ruined my life.
- But...
- Shut up!
What could you possibly have to say?
You never listen to me!
Mom…
Is it fun up there in your new home?
It's getting more and more uncomfortable
down here at Dad's.
Everyone hates me even more.
I know that
it's my fault that you left us.
I never meant for you to go.
I'm devastated too that you had to go.
Mom, please protect me.
Please tell them
to stop yelling at me.
I can't believe Miss Imah quit.
Maybe she got a better job.
Damn it.
Who's gonna make our breakfast now?
She's no longer with us because
Dad can't afford to pay her anymore.
Alie.
Come here.
Yes?
Here's a list of chores…
You'll need to do in Miss Imah's place.
I thought it was something important.
She'll replace Miss Imah.
Sure, I'll do it later.
I'm leaving.
Why do you care about her?
She's still Dad's child, after all.
She has a right to be in this car too.
Stop.
Okay. Fine.
Back up.
Alie!
Li!
Get in, hurry.
- May I?
- Yes.
Thanks for the ride.
Cheese!
Hey, who is that?
Why is she in the same car
as your crush, Natta?
Who are you talking about?
The kid with the blue cardigan.
That's Alie from Year 10.
Forget it, she's a nobody.
But it's odd that she rode in Natta's car.
She'll pay for this.
I'll make sure she stays away from him.
Alie Ishala Samantha.
I'm fed up with your little stunts.
All this time you flirted with him,
I just let it slide.
And just this morning,
you were in the same car as him?
I'll put you in your place.
- What are you talking about?
- What do you think I'm talking about?
You think I didn't know?
You waved to Natta
from outside your classroom.
What are you trying to do?
- I…
- What?
I'm warning you.
Stop flirting with Natta…
Or you'll be sorry you did.
I'm not scared of you.
You don't get to tell me what to do.
Come here, you!
Do it.
Let's go.
Stop!
Come on. Back up.
Alie?
Li, what are you doing?
Is that you, Aji?
What are you doing, Li?
I'm waiting for Natta.
What? Just get on my bike already.
No, Ji, thanks.
Li, it's pouring out here.
- Come on, let's go.
- Okay.
All right?
- Ready?
- Yeah.
Aji, just drop me off here.
- Right here?
- Yes, I'll be fine.
- We're not there yet.
- It's okay.
- Are you sure?
- Yes. Thanks, Ji.
- Take care.
- You too, Li.
- Peace be upon you.
- Alie.
You're disrespectful.
You don't listen to us anymore.
Right?
Sorry.
I'll go change.
Hey! I'm not done talking!
Did I say you could leave?
You have no shame at all.
You came home with a guy, Alie.
What kind of girl are you?
What will become of you?
Dad was right.
You're an ungrateful bastard.
- You're a burden...
- Stop!
It's my fault. I was late to pick her up.
If you have to hit somebody,
hit me, not her.
You're just like her.
Li.
- I'm sorry...
- It's my fault.
I should've just waited for you.
Hi, Li.
Li, got something on your mind?
Don't bottle it up.
Li.
Li?
Li, what's the matter?
You can tell me.
I know we've only just become friends,
but that doesn't mean you can't trust me.
I can be your safe space,
someone for you to talk to.
Li,
please.
Tell me what's going on.
I've never asked
why you've had a bandage on your forehead,
or why your cheeks are bruised.
But that doesn't mean I don't care, Li.
My brother hit me.
Your brother?
Samuel? Natta?
Dipta.
- Li…
- Can I hug you, Sel?
Of course.
Hear me out, Mr. Baim.
What if you invested at 25% in advance?
I'll find another investor for the rest.
What do you think?
My profits are going to be delayed
if you have to find three more investors.
Okay, I understand.
Let me consult with my team first.
Thank you.
- Dad.
- Go away.
I just wanted to ask about dinner.
Do you want me to cook
or would you rather order in?
I said go away.
If only you didn't have to make
your dumb little video that day,
Gianla would still be here with me.
You know what?
Ever since Gianla passed away,
everything that I had is gone.
My business, my career which I had built
with such painstaking effort, all gone.
There's no more hope to hold on to.
My life is over.
Now answer me.
Why must all of this happen to me?
Why must Gianla…
Why…
Why did Gianla have to die?
Answer me.
Go on.
Answer me!
All you bring is misfortune.
Who got you smiling like that?
Hey, where are you going?
Are you eating meatballs?
Must be nice.
Have a taste.
I think it's missing my touch.
Yeah.
Wow!
How is it?
Try it.
Tastes the same as before.
I think it needs more.
Yeah.
That looks so fresh.
It's almost tempting.
You should try it. What do you say?
Go on, eat.
It's good, isn't it?
Why did you stop?
Dig in.
It's a shame to waste food.
Eat it, or else…
Ew, gross! She's eating her snot.
Ew!
She's just very moved
by your cooking skills.
Obviously. I'm such a good cook.
Right?
Oops.
How awful. You spilled it.
Sorry about that.
She didn't mean to do that.
Hi, girls. What are you up to?
Time to go.
Her knight has arrived.
Hey, you know what? I have a riddle.
Let me hear it.
What do you call meatballs that can swim?
- Let's go.
- Fish meatballs.
- Correct.
Fish meatballs.
Li, are they bullying you?
No, they were just sitting with me.
I know they're a bunch of bullies.
Especially the leader, Nazwa.
She's a spoiled rich kid.
She gets away with everything.
I'm going to get a drink.
- Let me get it for you.
- No, I got it.
Guys.
Oops.
Alie! Li!
Li, are you okay?
What a drama queen.
Right? She thinks she's a princess.
You should get to class.
What about you?
Don't worry, I'll catch up.
- Are you sure?
- Yes. I can patch myself up.
I'll let the teacher know then.
- Sorry, Li.
- It's okay, Ji.
- Thank you.
- No problem.
- Natta.
- Li.
Let me help you.
Does it hurt? Sorry.
Thank you.
It's nothing, Li.
I should be the one apologizing.
I should be defending you.
But you know how it is
with those people in the canteen.
Too many eyes.
I'd just make it worse.
I thought you didn't want
to talk to me at school.
No.
I'm your brother after all.
Come in.
Sorry I'm late, sir.
That's okay. Join Laura over there.
Thank you, sir.
Li, plug the cable in there, okay?
Okay.
Everyone, get out of the room!
Fire!
Hurry, get out of here!
- It's my fault.
- Li.
- No, it's not.
- It's my fault.
- It was an accident, Li.
- It was me.
- It's not your fault.
You just got here. It was an accident.
But it's my fault that I came late and...
No. Calm yourself down.
Calm down, okay?
Bastard!
None of my boys have ever caused
any problems at school.
But you.
You always make such a mess!
Now I'll have to pay damages
for the lab you burned down.
I'm sorry, Dad, I promise I'll...
I don't need your apologies!
I don't need your empty promises.
I've tried to accept you.
I've tried working hard for you,
but what do I get?
What do I get?!
You just keep making my life miserable!
- You ungrateful child. Come here!
- Dad, no!
- I said come here!
- Dad, please don't!
Come here.
Shut up!
Get in there. Get in.
Now stay put!
You don't deserve to live in my house.
Better that I get rid of you
to avoid more misfortune.
Stay right here.
You're nothing but a burden on me!
Hey, where are you going?
- Dad told me to get him cigarettes.
- Oh.
- Is Alie in her room?
- No, in the storage shed.
What? The storage shed?
She's being grounded.
- You didn't help her?
- Why would I help her?
Sam, it's filthy in there.
It's stinky and dark.
She's hurt her leg too, you know that.
- That's not my problem.
- Well, it should be!
You're heartless.
Why are you blaming me?
What the heck?
You're not the problem, Li.
This house feels suffocating
with all the anger directed at you.
You know…
Ever since Mom died…
Our family has been
so quick to anger.
Dad's business…
Went under.
He's an alcoholic now.
They were all frustrated.
Eventually they became ill-tempered.
I know.
This is all my fault.
If I hadn't wanted to record that video…
Mom would still be here today.
Come on.
Go take a shower.
Thank you.
For talking to me.
For helping me.
No problem.
Hey, Mom.
Dad locked me up
in the storage shed yesterday.
Because he has to pay damages
to the school.
Because of me.
Then he told me
that I've always brought
nothing but misfortune to him.
That makes me sad.
Be careful next time, all right?
- Here you go.
- Thank you.
Take a look at this.
- Is that Alie?
- Yeah.
- What the heck is she doing?
- No idea.
Let's go home.
What's wrong with you?
Now you feel guilty
for trying to kill yourself in public?
Do you realize how shameful
this could be for our family?
Are you proud your video went viral?
Is that what you wanted?
Alie, look at me.
Dad won't know about this
because we'll cover it up.
But if he finds out somehow,
you're finished.
Get out of my way.
Li.
Come with us.
Let's go.
Good morning.
Why is she here?
Li, you should try
to kill yourself every day.
Maybe then we'll pity you.
You rode with Natta again?
Didn't you?
I've told you so many times.
I've told you so many times
to stay away from Natta.
Did I not make myself clear?
What do you give him
in return for riding in his car?
I saw a video of a girl trying
to kill herself on the train tracks.
I think that's her.
- Are you serious?
- Yeah.
What an loser.
It's just an elaborate ruse
to get attention.
Typical of a maid's child.
She's stupid, just like her mother.
What is it?
Surprised we know about your mother?
We know you live
in the same house as Natta.
Don't underestimate our network.
I know everything.
I wonder…
Maybe you're the illegitimate child
of the family.
Your mother seduced Natta's dad
so you could have a good life,
but they end up abandoning you.
Hence the suicide attempt.
- Don't talk about my mother.
- Why not?
You got a problem with that?
Your mother was that terrible, huh?
She failed to raise you right,
so Natta's dad got sick of you.
Leave my mom out of this.
You don't deserve to talk about her.
The audacity!
Don't get cheeky with me.
You hear me?
- You're coming with me.
- No!
Ouch!
Alie.
Nazwa, are you okay?
- What are you looking at?
- Sel, come on.
Bunch of gossips!
What's her problem?
You can see it for yourself in the video.
That's clear evidence.
Alie deliberately pushed and hurt me.
And now I have to suffer this pain.
That's right, ma'am. I saw it.
You've been causing
all sorts of trouble lately.
Wasn't that you
who started the fire in the lab?
Not to mention
the rumor about your suicide attempt.
Now you injured Nazwa.
Ma'am, I pushed her by accident.
She squeezed my arm first, it was painful.
I was just trying to break free.
That's right, ma'am.
How could a Year 10 fight a Year 12?
Think about it.
Were you there when it happened?
Were you?
If not, then don't butt in.
They edited the video, ma'am.
They removed the audio
where they insulted my mother.
Alie, the video is clear as day.
This proof is absolute.
You can't deny it.
She's a bully too.
- There's no way, Sam.
- Just look.
See that?
She's getting violent now.
I'm going to ask your parents
to come here tomorrow.
Hopefully this can be a valuable lesson
so that you grow into a better person
and stop bullying people.
Aji and I know you didn't do it.
Yeah, Li.
But they don't, Sel.
I feel like I'm cornered.
I just wanted to defend my mom.
I know. We'll sort this out, okay?
But they're going to tell my dad, Sel.
Li. Did you really hurt someone?
No, I didn't.
- She was...
- We saw the video.
Li, I've always been on your side.
Is this how you repay me?
I never taught you to be a bully.
Never.
So why would you do something like this?
Natta...
There's no use denying it.
You're a bully, just admit it.
Do you realize what you did?
Try using your brain
and sympathize with your victim.
Do you use your brain at all?
Hold on.
Use your brain.
You two should use your brains
before yelling at me.
I didn't bully anybody.
I was just defending myself.
You have no idea what they put me through.
Nonsense. Do you think
we'll fall for your lies?
You clearly did it. It's all on video.
Don't try to deny it.
You never believed me anyway.
Whatever.
Li.
Let her go.
What's the matter now, Alie?
My brothers are such jerks.
They kept blaming me for everything.
I want to go live on my own.
No one can yell at me then.
Where would you even go?
To my own home.
When is that?
As soon as possible.
Do you have money
to buy a house of your own?
My home has to be peaceful.
That way,
anyone who enters it will be happy.
Eventually, everyone will go live
in their own houses.
For now, your job is to study hard
so that your dream can come true.
Okay?
- Dad.
- What have you done this time?
I was summoned
because you injured your schoolmate!
Dad, I can explain. I didn't mean to...
Save your excuses.
Why must you always
bring harm to others? Why?!
Haven't you done enough?
Haven't you ruined this family
enough already?
My life is in ruins because of you!
Isn't that enough?
I'm so sorry, Dad.
- I won't do it again...
- No. Save your tears.
Save your tears. I don't care for them.
Do you have what it takes to defy me?
- No, Dad.
- You want to fight me?
Fight me!
- Fight me!
- No, Dad!
I dare you to do it! Do it!
Get out of here.
Go far away, and never come back.
This is not your home anymore.
This family is not your family.
And you
are not my daughter.
Hey. I stopped by because I saw your car.
We need to show you something.
We've been meaning to tell you
that Alie didn't hit Nazwa.
It was Nazwa and her gang
that bullied Alie.
What do you mean?
This is the actual video.
Let me see.
One of our friends recorded it.
She failed to raise you right,
so Natta's dad got sick of you.
- Leave my mom out of this.
- Oh, man.
- So she didn't lie.
- She never did, Sam.
- Send the video to Samuel.
- Okay.
- Done.
- Good.
Come on, Sam. Thank you.
Let's go, Sel.
Watch it.
- Hey, where's Alie?
- Give me a break.
You're too late.
Dad was yelling at her furiously.
Then he kicked her out.
What?
Dipta, you're the eldest.
You let her get kicked out?
Why do you care?
Tell them, Sam.
Look at this.
- What's this?
- Watch the video.
Alie is innocent.
She failed to raise you right,
so Natta's dad got sick of you.
Leave my mom out of this.
- I'll go find her.
- You don't deserve to talk about her.
She can't have gone too far.
You guys don't want to come with me?
I don't get it. Is this even a family?
Hey.
What did you just say?
Say that again.
Is this even a family?
You've got some nerve.
We can't forget that it was
her carelessness that caused Mom's death.
Our mom, Nat! Did you forget that?
And I lost my future.
She's ruined all of us.
All of us?
No. Just you.
- You bastard!
- Enough. Calm down.
Say that again!
You're a grown man. Use your brain.
- You use your brain!
- No, you should!
Just because you hold a grudge against her
you let her get kicked out.
She's still family, no matter what.
She's still our sister.
Do you think this is what Mom would want?
Who do you think
could take over Mom's responsibilities?
It's Alie.
Who'll take care of Dad when he's sick?
Would you do that, Ren? Or would you?
It has always been Alie.
Not even I could do it.
Do whatever you all want.
You're all heartless.
Hey. What are you doing all by yourself?
Let me keep you company.
Are you crying?
What happened, little girl?
I'll keep you company.
I could cheer you up.
Hey.
Where are you going?
Where are you going, pretty girl?
Just come with me.
Your head's all bruised.
Let me look at it.
Hey. Where are you running off to, girl?
Go! Get her!
Hey, pretty girl.
- Where are you going?
- That's Alie!
- Come on.
- No.
What happened to her?
Hey!
Bastard!
You bastard!
Scumbag!
Alie, over here!
Let go of me, you bastard!
Dipta!
- Come on.
- Hey.
Dipta!
Dipta…
You're not going anywhere.
Dipta! Natta!
Natta!
Li, call Samuel.
Dipta…
Samuel, some thug stabbed Dipta.
He's… Hurry up and come pick us up.
Nat, where's Dipta?
He's with the doctor.
Alie.
How's Dipta?
He's right next to us.
Dad just got here.
Rendra and Samuel too.
I'm so sorry.
I shouldn't have left home.
Then Dipta wouldn't have gotten hurt.
It's not your fault, Li.
It's your brothers' fault.
We should've protected you.
Had I not fought with Nazwa,
that video wouldn't have existed.
Dad wouldn't have gotten mad at me
and kicked me out.
Dad.
How's Dipta doing, Dad?
He needs a blood transfusion.
They don't have his blood type here.
I have to look for it somewhere else.
Or find a donor.
But I don't know where to find it,
or who the donor could be.
Dad?
Why don't you let me be his donor?
Hey.
We have the same blood type.
It's not that.
You need to be at least 17 years old
to donate blood.
You're just 15.
I don't mind.
I don't want you to go out of your way
to find a donor.
I don't want Dipta…
I don't want to lose him like Mom.
I don't want you to suffer any more
because of me, Dad.
Let me make up for my mistakes.
I don't want to keep dragging you all down
with my misfortunes.
I want to do some good for my family.
- Excuse me, sir.
- Oh, right.
This is a letter stating that you agree
that your underaged child
will be the blood donor.
Please read it carefully,
and if you're certain, you may sign it.
What's it going to be, sir?
You should go be with Dad.
I can take care of myself.
Are you sure?
All right. I'll be back later.
Thank you.
Has it been an hour?
More than an hour.
What's taking them so long?
We need to be patient.
Mr. Abimanyu?
- How did it go, Doc?
- The surgery went well.
They're taking him
to the recovery room now.
We'll let him get some rest, shall we?
Okay, Doc. Thank you.
I'll get going.
- Thank you very much, Doc.
- Thank you, Doc.
Ren.
- I'm going to go.
- Okay.
- Let me know if something happens.
- I will.
- Okay?
- Okay, Dad.
- I'm going to let Alie know.
- Okay.
Li?
Alie?
- Alie?
- Alie.
Alie?
- Alie?
Li?
Alie…
Alie's gone, Sam.
She's had enough of our selfishness.
I won't be a burden on you anymore, Dad.
Please forgive me.
But why are they so mean to me?
They're not exactly mean.
They're just…
Jealous.
They never had
a beautiful, clever sister before.
Maybe that's how they show their love.
You may all be mad at each other.
But you must remember
to always respect your elders.
Don't talk back.
Because after all,
we are family.
Got it, sweetie?
- Okay, Mom.
- My beloved daughter.
It's your new home, Li.
Though it's nothing like your dream home.
And it's a small one.
At least no one's going to yell
at you anymore.
You can run around
as much as you want there.
And be reunited with Mom.
God loves you more than anyone else could.
Forgive us, Li.
Because the way
we expressed our love for you…
left you broken.
My home has to be peaceful.
That way,
anyone who enters it will be happy.
But this is not your home, Alie.
This is my home, Mom.
Your home is not here.
But I want to be with you, Mom.
Then I won't be lonely anymore.
Go home, sweetie.
I'm begging you.
Mom, I want to stay here.
I'm happy here with you.
Alie, your father and brothers
are waiting for you.
But I'm scared, Mom.
Alie, if we have only love in our heart,
there won't be any place for fear,
let alone hatred.
Because our heart is already full of love.
Mom…
DOMESTIC AND SCHOOL VIOLENCE,
NO MATTER HOW SMALL,
WILL LEAVE BEHIND WOUNDS AND TRAUMA.
I FORGIVE, BUT I CAN NEVER FORGET
BULLYING NEEDS TO STOP
MY TRAUMA FROM BEING BULLIED